# Project Manager service	

The project manager is the source of truth for the components of a writing or game project, including the manuscript, images, research, etc. All of the other services should look to what is in the project structure to determine what is applicable to the project. There may be other files/folders in the project directory on the filesystem but if they are not represented in the project manager, then we will effectively ignore them.

Each project created by the application should by default contain the following folders in the top level of it's project structure.
*	Manuscript
**	Chapter 1|2|3 (the name used for the folder gets autogenerated as the chapter heading when we do an export to PDF.
***	Scene files, scene 1, scene 2, etc. that make up the chapter.
*	Research
**	Folders and sub files relative to the authors research for their current work. Any file opened in this view should be opened in a splitscreen view that shows the research while the author is editing a file.
*	Historian (this synopsis service should also ideally be able to do this for races/classes, etc. Will need a dialog in project settings where the author can identify what he calls races, classes, etc. or just provides a model of what the synopsys service should create a synopsis of, and maybe add a template/prompt for each kind.)
**	Characters
***	Should contain one markdown file per character identitifed in the story. The name of the file should be the same as the name of the character. These files should be autoupdated by the LLM agent from the text the author is writing as he writes it. Each document should contain a character sketch.
*	Stylesheets – should contain exactly one file style.css which contains the stylesheet for the project.
*	Media – Created whenever any non text file is added to the project. Files drag and dropped from this folder into the editor produce a markdown styled link with the name/comment/alttext named the name of the file. 

All LLM author/simulation support services such as the synopsis service, the librarian, etc. /should go off of information in the project view. Any update/modification of the project view should trigger a pause of all support services which only unpause once the mouse cursor has left the project view window, then each service will need to get an update of the project model from the project manager (they should always be forced to return project related structure/files/informaiton from the project manager in a safe way that ensures that the information they have is always accurate and up to date.)
·	
